DSA - Assignment 1
Income Tax calculator
using linked list data structure
As your first assignment this semester, you are to write a Java program that calculates the income tax . 
Learning Outcome
Upon successful completion of this assignment, you will have demonstrated the ability to apply linked list to a practical problem.

Introduction
From 2009, people in the Strange country must pay income tax depended on the total amount he/she earns. Income tax is the kind of progress tax, which applies higher tax rates to individuals posting higher earnings.
Firstly, taxable income is identified. Taxable income is calculated by deducting deduction from income.
Then, taxable income is multiplied by the tax rate of according brackets you belong in. 
Here, three tax brackets:

taxable income of 5000 USD or less attracts tax at
      5%

taxable income of more than 5000 USD and not more than 10000 USD attracts tax at 10%.
taxable income of more than 10000 USD attracts tax at
      15%. 

Specifications
You should use linked list to store data for taxpayers in a company. You should create a linked list from scratch, do not use list structures available in java Data like ArrayList, Vector or LinkedList classes. The items for a taxpayer are:

The code of the taxpayer (this should be unique for the taxpayer).
The name of the taxpayer.
The income earned by the taxpayer (should be positive).
The deduction amount (should be non-negative and less than income).
The tax  to pay (calculated from income and deduction).
Thus your application should contain the class like:
class TaxPayer
{String code,name;
double income,deduct,tax;
...
}
On running, your program displays the menu as below:

            

Submission Requirements
Create the directory with a name like <class>-<name><roll number>-ASS1, e.g.
            SE0412-QuangTV00456-ASS1                     (1)
The (1) directory contains the following files:

The run.bat  file to run your program.
Your source code files.
Your input test files.
The statements in run.bat file may be:
cls
javac Main.java
java Main
pause
del *.class

Compress the folder   (1)  to .zip (or .rar) file (with the same name) and upload to cms.

Assignment assessment
You will be asked to modify immediately and to explain your assignment in lab room to be sure that you are really the author  of the assignment you submitted.

Note: At the beginning of your program, include comments reflecting accurate information for you in the format as below:

/*
 Assignment 1  - Income tax
 Class ID          : DSABiss3
 Student ID        : 0023
 Student Name      : Nguyễn Minh Đức
 Due Date          : 22 November 2009
 I declare that this assignment is my own work
 in accordance with FPT Policy.
*/
 
